1.) Write a query in SQL to display the first name, last name, department number, and department name for each employee.

2.) Write a query in SQL to display the first and last name, department, city, and state province for each employee

3.) Write a query in SQL to display the first name, last name, salary, and job grade for all employees.

4.) Write a query in SQL to display the first name, last name, department number and department name, for all employees for departments 80 or 40.

5.) Write a query in SQL to display those employees who contain a letter z to their first name and also display their last name, department, city, and state province.

6.) Write a query in SQL to display all departments including those where does not have any employee. 

7.) Write a query in SQL to display the first and last name and salary for those employees who earn less than the employee earn whose number is 182.

8.) Write a query in SQL to display the first name of all employees including the first name of their manager. 

9.) Write a query in SQL to display the department name, city, and state province for each department. 

10.) Write a query in SQL to display the first name, last name, department number and name, for all employees who have or have not any department. 

11.) Write a query in SQL to display the first name of all employees and the first name of their manager including those who does not working under any manager.

12.) Write a query in SQL to display the first name, last name, and department number for those employees who works in the same department as the employee who holds the last name as Taylor.

13.) Write a query in SQL to display the job title, department name, full name (first and last name ) of employee, and starting date for all the jobs which started on or after 1st January, 1993 and ending with on or before 31 August, 1997.

14.) Write a query in SQL to display job title, full name (first and last name ) of employee, and the difference between maximum salary for the job and salary of the employee.

15.) Write a query in SQL to display the name of the department, average salary and number of employees working in that department who got commission.

16.) Write a query in SQL to display the full name (first and last name ) of employees, job title and the salary differences to their own job for those employees who is working in the department ID 80. 

17.) 17. Write a query in SQL to display the name of the country, city, and the departments which are running there.

18.) Write a query in SQL to display department name and the full name (first and last name) of the manager

19.) Write a query in SQL to display job title and average salary of employees.

20.) Write a query in SQL to display the details of jobs which was done by any of the employees who is presently earning a salary on and above 12000.

21.) Write a query in SQL to display the country name, city, and number of those departments where at leaste 2 employees are working.

22.) Write a query in SQL to display the department name, full name (first and last name) of manager, and their city.

23.) Write a query in SQL to display the employee ID, job name, number of days worked in for all those jobs in department 80.

24.) Write a query in SQL to display the full name (first and last name), and salary of those employees who working in any department located in London.

25.)  Write a query in SQL to display full name(first and last name), job title, starting and ending date of last jobs for those employees with worked without a commission percentage.

26.) Write a query in SQL to display the department name and number of employees in each of the department.

27.) Write a query in SQL to display the full name (firt and last name ) of employee with ID and name of the country presently where (s)he is working.

